What do you think about Mu Qingqing losing her diamond ring?
I think the little maid was wronged
Although the diamond ring was found in his bag
But the housekeeper's reaction at that time
I prefer the housekeeper to deliberately plant him
father
Why are you suddenly so interested in such little things?
Then you think you hurt your feelings?
When it was my life, you suspected it was a kiss
I'm just afraid that the depth of field will be blinded by love
That's strange. Where's my pendant?
Warm, I want to ask you a favor.
I have a very important dinner party tomorrow night
I hope you can accompany me to go with me.
I'm not very convenient
Please, my parents are temporarily unable to go
I can't find a girlfriend for a while
Just go through the motions
Yeah, all right.